# Coding-Challenge
Novel (/Brazen) approach to a coding challenge

Hi, welcome to my coding challenge.  Over the last few years of job applying I've done over a dozen different coding challenges, and didn't get any of the jobs despite my builds being thorough, functional, and tested.  However, these are extremly simple coding exercises so it is not a judge of skill, it is a judge of whether I **Naturally** code in whatever style-guide/pattern you use at your company.  The problem I have with this is that guide/pattern is not provided, and every style guide and pattern is *opinionated* (both in their very nature, and at times, in their interpretation).  This is no "RIGHT" pattern just like there is rarely ONE way to solve a coding problem.  Did I have too much inline documentation, or too little?  Did I make my variable names too long and descriptive, or too short and efficient? CamelCase or snake_case?  Do I use brackets when an if statement is just a "return;"?  This is perhaps the least critical skill for a developer to have since, if provided with a sufficient style guide and patterns, this is positively trivial to follow.  I understand the thought process behind the challenge; The company is trying to eliminate risk when hiring a new employee.  The problem is, that is impossible.  That "perfect repo" candidate you have is just as likely to have copied the work from another source or lightly edited some AI generated build.  Risk is inherent in humanity and you are missing out on exceptional candidates (like me) by trying to eliminate it.  I propose you assume I'm capable of following a style guide and we move forward. Alternately, if you provide me with a style guide and clear expectations of which patterns to follow, I will happily complete the assignment. If you instead insist on this antiquated and awful hiring practice, then please feel free to move on to the next candidate.  Thank you for your time!

- Daniel Boggs
  
